Update faq.md (#53)
felixbrucker/foxy-docs: docs/proof-of-spacetime/foxy-pool/pools/chia-og/faq.md

??? faq "Will the OG pool continue to work after the official pooling protocol is released?"
    Yes, this pool is here to stay

> ??? faq "How long will I see stats under My Farmer in the Dashboard after I have completed the setup"
>     When it send partial/proof and being accepted by the pool, it also depends on how many plots you have, it can be ranging from minutes to hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? faq "How long does it take till I can access the "My Farmer" tab in the pool web ui after I have completed the setup?"
    Once the first partial/proof is being accepted by the pool. This also depends on how many plots you have, the duration can range from minutes to hours.
```
